an seo tip that just works especially if
you're a beginner people say seo is hard
and complicated but it doesn't have to
be even if you are a beginner you can
get tons of traffic to your website
through simple strategies and today i
want to start you off with one
first off have you ever heard of the
site quora it's a simple question answer
site and it's super popular so popular
it's one of the top hundred websites in
the world according to similar web so
how do you get that traffic that quora
gets
well it's simple
they just answer questions that people
are curious on
these questions are long tail keywords
in other words they contain many
keywords best of all they aren't
competitive it's easy to rank for
questions because no one is targeting
them so how do you find these
question-based keywords in your industry
well have you heard of a tool called
answer the public it's a tool that shows
you all the popular questions that
people are asking head over to answer
the public
type in the keyword related to your
space and hit search
you'll then get a list of all the
questions that are popular within your
space
now if you want to see their search
volume you can type in any of those
questions into uber says and it'll tell
you how many people search for them on a
monthly basis but before you go and
write content on all those keywords
there are a few things that you need to
know first make each question a unique
page assuming you have enough content to
write about and when i mean enough
content i'm talking about hundreds of
words ideally 300 plus if you can do
even more than that like 400 500 a
thousand even better but don't just add
fluff
second you need to have an amazing
answer for example i wouldn't create a
page answering the question of what's
two plus two
because everyone knows it's four and if
not they can just google it and it's one
word or one letter or one number more so
which is just four
right there's not much content to create
on that but if i had a sports website
i may answer the question of what is it
like to be an olympian
and my answer would be very detailed
from what it's like to train how long it
takes to be olympian what kind of diets
do you have to be on what is it like to
win or even lose and how do you earn
money as a olympian right i don't see
olympians getting shoe contracts like
michael jordan
i would even break down how hard it is
to be one and the amount of people that
try and like the percentage that you'll
actually have to be olympian so that way
it gives people a perspective on how
hard it is
third you want to continually update
your answers as things change for
example
it was probably less competitive to be
olympian when the olympics first started
versus how hard it is today
so as time goes on keep your answer
updated this is super important just
think of wikipedia it is the ninth most
popular site in the world why because
they keep their content updated for
reference
most topics there are more pieces of
content than searchers
for example there are 165 searches a
month for the term dog food in the
united states yet there are 2.6 billion
results you think all those searches are
going to go through 2.6 billion results
no google doesn't even show them all
because they know people don't really go
past the first page maybe the second
page rarely the third page which means
search engines have their pickings when
it comes to determining what sites to
rank
so make it easy for a search engine keep
your content up to date because they
rather show updated pieces of content
versus ones that are years and outdated
fourth
promote your content you don't have to
spend ad money to do this it's as simple
as sharing it on the social web or
linking that newly created answer from
some other web page on your website
that's related to it fifth you have to
do this with a lot of questions now i
know this is not what you want to hear
but this is how you're gonna do well
there isn't a specific number of
questions that you need to create
content around and you can't really do
it with five or even ten questions
because that won't get you much traffic
in the long run but if you do this with
a thousand questions or even a hundred
you'll notice nice traffic gains and the
more the better assuming you can create
amazing answers to those questions if
you want my team to just do this for you
or create other similar content for you
if you don't have the time and resources
just check out my ad agency np digital
where we implement the strategy all the
time now if you have questions or you're
stuck on implementing the strategy leave
a comment i'm here to help if you enjoy
the video like it share it tell people
about it thank you very much